Add tutorial for egress with mTLS (#1286)
kyma-project/istio: docs/user/tutorials/01-55-send-requests-using-egress-and-mtls.md

# Send mTLS Requests Using Istio Egress Gateway
Learn how to configure and use the Istio egress Gateway to allow outbound traffic from your Kyma runtime cluster to a workload in another cluster using mTLS.

## Prerequisites

* You need two clusters:
    1. With Istio and ApiGateway to expose nginx workload.
    2. With the Istio module and egress enabled to perform requests.
* To use CLI instruction, you must install [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl), [openssl](https://www.openssl.org) and [curl](https://curl.se/).

## Steps

### Generate mTLS certificates

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Use kubeconfig for the cluster that will contain the target workload.

```

    ---
    apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1
    kind: VirtualService
    metadata:
     name: direct-httpbin-through-egress-gateway
     namespace: ${NAMESPACE}
    spec:
     hosts:
     - $DOMAIN
     gateways:
     - istio-egressgateway
     - mesh
     http:
     - match:
       - gateways:
         - mesh
         port: 80
       route:
       - destination:
           host: istio-egressgateway.istio-system.svc.cluster.local
           subset: httpbin
           port:
             number: 80
     - match:
       - gateways:
         - istio-egressgateway
         port: 80
       route:
       - destination:
           host: $DOMAIN
           port:
             number: 443
         weight: 100
    EOF
    ```

9. Create a DestinationRule to use mTLS credential:

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -n istio-system -f - <<EOF
    apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1
    kind: DestinationRule
    metadata:
     name: originate-mtls-for-httpbin
    spec:
     host: $DOMAIN
     trafficPolicy:
       portLevelSettings:
       - port:
           number: 443
         tls:
           mode: MUTUAL
           credentialName: client-credential
           sni: $DOMAIN
    EOF
    ```

> 10. Send an HTTP request to the Kyma project website (egress will make an HTTPS request):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
10. Send an HTTP request to the Kyma project website:
    When you send an HTTP request, Istio uses egress to redirect the HTTPS to the website.
```
